vegetarian sausages
with broccoli
and some carrots when you're well it's
okay i can alter you i think i think
okay you can hold the plate yourself
i think you need me to hold the plate i
can here it's easier let me hold it let
me hold that it's cool
okay and when you're ready you remember
the fruit plate also
right we had fruit yeah peaches
and apples and kiwis and some of the
strawberries
but you didn't like the strawberries i
don't know why
they so do they have special k in
bulgaria or do they not have special
no we have special k in canada
but special k does not taste the same in
canada
special k tastes different in canada
to be honest with you special k tastes
better in france
i also think that uh
soy milk tastes better in france so some
things are really better in france
but in canada we have polar bears so
if you want to see polar bears you know
there's some things we have better again
yeah if um
we can go to canada yes
[Music]
huh
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
wow
[Music]
didn't great
you